Marowaks like to walk together. A group of Marowaks are walking in 6 rows, with 6 Marowaks in each row. How many Marowaks are there?
36
22
18
29

Mankee can jump 6 feet in the air. Mew can jump 3 times as high. How high can Mew jump?
18 feet
21 feet
16 feet
12 feet

Spynarak weighs 8 pounds. Brock caught 6 Spynaraks in a net! How much do all the Spynaraks weigh together?
48
49
24
36

It takes 4 weeks to earn a Novice Pokemon Trainer badge. If one week has 7 days, how many days does it take to earn this badge?
28
21
49
24

Today is a big day for Ash! He's going to the Cinnabar Gym to battle for a new Pokemon Trainer badge. Last night he packed his Pokeballs and lunch in a big bag, and went to bed early so he could be well rested for the big battle. In the morning, he was in such a rush that he left without grabbing his bag. When he got to the gym he looked around for his Pokeballs, but couldn't find them. Why couldn't he find them?
He forgot them at home.
They were invisible.
Meowth stole them.
They were under a table.

Jigglypuff loves to sing! She sings whenver she gets a chance. Misty was throwing a party for her Goldeen's birthday. For the party, she set up a microphone and some speakers, and found some good music to play. Jigglypuff was invited. What do you think Jigglypuff will do when she sees the microphone and the music?
Sing a song.
Dance a dance.
Ask to play a game.
Throw a cake at someone.

Pokemon come in all shapes and sizes! Slowpoke weighs 42 lbs. Cubone weighs 14 lbs. Entei weighs 320 lbs. Which of these pokemon weighs the least?
Cubone
Slowpoke
Entei
They all weigh the same

Do you know what an Onix looks like? Onix is a Pokemon that looks like a big snake, only its body is made of a chain of rocks. One Onix's body is made of 8 rocks. If there are 3 Onix's, how many rocks are they made of all together?
24
16
8
12

Ash and Brock are heading to Vermilion Gym. On the way there, Brock realized he forgot a book that he wanted to bring at home. Brock told Ash to go ahead without him, and that he would meet him at the gym. Ash kept walking, and in a few minutes reached Cinnabar Gym. When he walked in the door, he saw Gary waiting for him. Ash greeted Gary and they began talking about the Pokemon battles they wanted to have. Who got to Cinnabar Gym first?
Gary
Ash
Brock
Misty

A Pokedex is a very cool device! It is a small, hand-held computer that holds information on a lot of Pokemon. Ash's Pokedex holds 100 Pokemon now. If he downloads 100 more Pokemon onto it, how many Pokemon will it hold in total?
200
100
120
300

Spynaraks are like spiders - they have 8 eyes! If there are 7 Spynaraks, how many eyes do they have in total?
56
49
59
48

Grass type Pokemon need a lot of fresh air and sunlight, just like grass! When a Grass type Pokemon is inside for too long, they can start to feel tired and cranky. Bulbasaur is a grass type Pokemon. One day, he spent the whole day inside, training for Pokemon battles. By the end of the day he didn't want to be near any of the other Pokemon, and all he wanted to do was go to bed. Why do you think Bulbasaur felt that way?
He needed to spend time outside.
He was hungry.
He wasn't getting along with Pikachu.
He was anxious to battle.

Do you know how to put a Pokemon to sleep? Pokemon fall asleep when they hear a special lullaby. The lullaby is 10 seconds long. You need to sing it 3 times to get them to fall asleep. How long do you have to sing to put a Pokemon to sleep?
30 seconds
10 seconds
20 seconds
60 seconds

Tentacool has an attack where he spins like a whirlpool. If he's facing forwards now and he spins 180°, which way is he facing?
Backwards
Forwards
To the right
Face-down

Belsprout grows straight out of the ground towards the sun! If the angle Belsprout forms with the ground is a right angle, how many degrees does it measure?
90°
180°
45°
360°

Bulbasaur is waiting for his next battle, and he's bored! He's watching the second hand go around the clock. If it starts at the top of the clock and moves all the way around the circle back to 12, how many degrees has it rotated through?
360°
180°
90°
45°

Farfetch'd is a Pokemon that likes playing with sticks. He has 4 sticks, and they are all the exact same size. Which shapes can he make with his sticks?
Square and Rhombus
Trapezoid
Pentagon
Rectangle only

Baby Clefairy is a cute pokemon, but not an "acute" Pokemon (get it?). How many acute angles are in a Rhombus?
2
4
1
3

Linoone runs very fast, but only in straight lines! When it faces an obstacle, it can only turn in a right angle. If Linoone is about to run into a tree, how many degrees does it turn?
90°
100°
360°
45°

Bulbasaur runs in the shape of a square, so that at the end he's back where he started. How many right-angle turns did he make?
4
2
1
5

Two Deerling's are running parallel to each other. If they keep running, will they ever cross each other's paths?
No, because parallel lines don't cross.
No, because one Deerling must be running faster than the other.
Yes, because parallel lines have to cross.
Yes, because the lines have to end at some point.

The word "immediately" means, "right away" or "in no time". Here's a story: Ash and Misty were searching for Butterfree's in a dark forest. Ash realized he hadn't seen Pikachu in several minutes, and became worried that he had gotten lost. He shouted "Pikachu, where are you?" Immediately, Pikachu dropped out of a tree and landed at his side. He had climbed up it to get a better view of the Butterfree's! How long did Ash have to look for Pikachu before he found him?
No time at all, he found him immediately.
Several minutes.
A few seconds.
An hour.

The word "concerned" means "worried". Here's a story: Charizard is a big Pokemon, and needs to eat 100 lbs. of Pokemon food at every meal. At dinner, Charizard only ate 50 lbs. of food. Ash was concerned. He then brought out 50 lbs. of ice cream. Charizard guzzled it down - he was just saving room for dessert! Why did Ash bring out the ice cream?
He was worried Charizard wasn't eating enough.
He wanted to cool Charizard down after breathing fire.
The ice cream was going to melt.
To reward Charizard for winning a battle.

The word "contradict" means to say something that disagrees. Here's a story: Ash and Brock are talking. Ash says that Charmeleons and Wartortles should be kept apart from each other, because they are fire and water type Pokemon. But Brock contradicts him, saying that it's good for these Pokemon to get to know other Pokemon who are different from them. How would you describe Brock's opinion?
He disagrees with Ash.
He agrees with Ash.
He doesn't know what to think.
He agrees with Misty.

The word "collaborate" means "to work together". Here's a story: Beedrill is building a new hive. Alone, it would take him several hours to finish it, because he has to collect a lot of sticks and grass to build it from. However, Mankee and Bulbasaur help him out. Mankee climbs a tree and starts collecting branches, and Bulbasaur runs through a field and collects grass. They give what they collect to Beedrill, and he finishes the hive in no time! Ash says "Isn't it great how much we can do when we collaborate?" What does he mean?
We can do more when we work together.
Building a hive is hard work.
Beedrill owes his friends a favor.
The hive was really high above the ground.

The word "exclude" means "to leave out". Here's a story: Pikachu, Charamander, and Bulbasaur are playing a game of catch. They found a small pebble and they're tossing it back and forth between them. Squirtle walks up to them and asks, "Can I join the game?". "Of course!" they say, "We didn't mean to exclude you!" What did they mean?
They didn't want to leave Squirtle out of the game.
They didn't think Squirtle could play catch.
They are done playing.
They hope Squirtle brought a better ball for them to play with.

The word "reduce" means "to make less" or "to get rid of some". Here's a story: Eevee is trying to clear some stones off of a path so she and her friends can pass through it. She can only pick up one stone at a time though, so it's slow work! Charizard sees her working, and flaps his wings over to her. He grabs two big piles of stones in his claws and flies them away. Just like that, the work Eevee had to do was reduced by half! What does that mean?
After Charizard's help, she had a lot less work to do.
Charizard gave Eevee more work to do.
Charizard broke each stone in half.
Eevee was clearing the path for Charizard.

The word "automobile" means "car". Here's a story: Ash and his friends were taking a lunch break along the side of a dusty road. Suddenly, a Dodrio ran by, stirring up so much dust that all the friends could see was a big dust cloud. "Wow!" Ash said, "That Dodrio was moving faster than an automobile!" What did he mean?
The Dodrio could run as quickly as a car moves.
The Dodrio would prefer to be in an automobile.
The Dodrio runs that fast automatically.
The Dodrio was running backwards.

The word "priceless" means extremely valuable, too valuable to be replaced or sold. Here's a story: Ash is visiting his friend Professor Oak. Professor Oak is a collector, and has a lot of interesting Pokemon items in his lab. Ash sees one that particularly interests him: a large horn in a glass case. He asks Professor Oak what it is. Professor Oak replies: "That is the horn of a giant Rhyhorn I found during my travles!". Ash thinks it's very cool - he counts out the change in his pocket, and says, "Any chance I could buy it from you?" Professor Oak answers, "I'm afraid it's priceless!". What does he mean?
The horn is too valuable to sell to Ash.
Ash can have it for free.
Ash would have to trade a different Pokemon horn.
The horn is actually a musical instrument.

Munchlax loves to eat! His trainer put a pizza in front of him that had 8 slices total. Munchlax ate 5 slices of pizza. How much of the pizza did he eat, as a fraction?
Five eighths.
Three eighths.
One half.
The whole thing.

Onix is smashing rocks by picking them up and throwing them at the side of a hill. He starts out with 5 rocks. He smashes two of the rocks against the hill. How much of the rocks are left, as a fraction?
3/5
2/5
1/5
2

Ash is learning fractions in school! His teacher writes a big "3" on the board, then a big slash, then a big "8", so it looks like "3/8". How do we pronounce that fraction?
Three eighths.
Three eight.
Three slash eight.
Eight thirds.

Pokemon know it's important to share with their friends! Bulbasaur has 12 cookies. He divides them evenly between himself, Pikachu, and Squirtle. If 12 cookies are divided up amongst 3 friends, how many cookies does each friend get?
4
36
6
2

Beedrill's like to fly in formation! There's a swarm of 16 Beedrill's flying out of their hive. They divide themselves evenly into 4 groups, and each group goes in a different direction. How many Beedrill's are in each group?
4
64
8
12

Three Pokemon trainers buy 15 brand new Pokeballs together. Can the 15 Pokeballs be divided evenly amongst the 3 friends?
Yes
No, there will be a remainder of 1 Pokeball.
No, there will be a remainder of 2 Pokeball.
No, there aren't enough Pokeballs.

13 Tauros's are loose in the city! They're scared of people, so they're difficult to round up. 4 Pokemon trainers volunteer to round up the Tauros's. They want to divide them evenly, so that each Pokemon trainer is in charge of the same number of Tauros's. Will that work? Can they divide 13 Tauros's evenly by 4 Pokemon trainers?
No, there will be a remainder of 1 Tauros.
No, there will be a remainder of 2 Tauros's.
Yes
No, there aren't enough Tauros's for each Trainer to get one.

4 Pokemon trainers have 8 trainer badges between them, for excelling at Pokemon battles and being good to their Pokemon! Each trainer has the same number of badges, meaning that the 8 badges are divided evenly among the 4 trainers. What does that tell us?
4 is a divisor of 8.
4 is a multiple of 8.
4 is greater than 8.
4 times 8 is 8.

Machoke's need to eat a lot, because they're big Pokemon! Gary is in charge of 3 Machoke's. To feed them, he had to buy 18 Pokemon snacks. If each Machoke eats the same amount, how many Pokemon snacks did each Machoke eat?
6
54
12
4

The word "contemplate" means "to think about". Here's a story: Ash, Brock, and Misty were walking through the countryside with their Pokemon. They walked over rocky cliffs, through tall grass, and mucked through mud. Eventually, they got to a wide river. Charamander and Flareon were afraid of swimming through the water, because they were fire type Pokemon. Everyone looked to Ash for guidance. He sat down and contemplated for a while, and the rest of them waited. Eventually he stood up and talked to Spearow and Pidgeot. These two flying type Pokemon picked up Charamander and Flareon and flew them safely across the river, while the rest of the friends waded through. Why did everyone have to wait for Ash while he was sitting down?
He was thinking of a plan.
He was changing into sandals.
He was tired from the walk.
He was making lunch.

The word "inferno" means a big, blazing flame. Which type of Pokemon do you think would be most comfortable around an inferno?
Fire Type
Water Type
Grass Type
Bug Type

The word "expanse" means "a big, open area". Here's a story: Ash is searching for Kabutops. At a gym, another trainer tells him that Kabutops like to graze just beyond a nearby mountain range. So, early the next morning, he climbs one of the mountains in the range. After a long day of hiking, he reaches the top! He looks over the edge at the other side of the mountain, and sees a wide expanse of grass, with plenty of Kabutops running to and fro on it. How would you describe the area of grass that Ash saw?
Big and open.
Narrow and closed.
Hidden from sight.
Barren and rocky.

The word "imply" means "to suggest". Here's a story: Ash and his friends are in Anville Town searching for Pinsir's, which are beetle-like Pokemon with big jaws. They take a break from their search to get lunch at a restaurant. They start chatting with their waitress, who asks about their search for Pinsir's, and implies they might have an easier time finding them in the nearby Dewford Town. After lunch, the friends head out for Dewford Town to continue searching. Why did they leave Anville Town?
Their waitress suggested they go to another town.
They already found enough Pinsir's.
They heard there was better ice cream in Dewford Town.
They were chasing a Pinsir that ran all the way to Dewford Town.
